
GuildMaster.lua



--------------------------------

Each time the player logs in, broadcast some stats, eg:
resi
rating
itemlevel

Take a look at moving some of the savedvariables away from per character, 
eg the database and forum


Make all modules use the stored playername instead of UnitName("player")


current layout: 

GMLogs 
GMTimer.lua
Need to make the function that adds the queued stuff work faster.

Efficiency:
Need to have seperate tables for different jobs, 
eg some functions only need checking once a second, once a minute, once an hours

Make the timer more efficient:
only perform updates as fast as the fastest required update

]]

local SendAddonMessage 
Modules\GMAlts.lua
	Add method of removing alts if they changed guilds
	integrate the alts feature into all of the other modules that need it.
]]

GMaster.LoadOrder.GMAlts 
Modules\GMBanker.lua
	Show the last checked time.
	Auto bag greys.
	Change the pass system to recheck the location each time.
	
	Integrate settings and load/unload
	need to add an icon to the guild frame
]]

GMaster.LoadOrder.GMBanker 
Modules\GMEvent.lua
	Priority: Low
	Add broadcast event to record who started the event, and who joined it 
	check recording of event start and attendance.
	option to choose from previous event
	make the list of replies scrollable.
--]]


GMaster.LoadOrder.GMEvent 
Modules\GMForum.lua
	Priority: High
		Make replies properly delete.
		sticky posts.
		age limit of posts.
		
		Add Colors!
		convert gmfrequest to whisper
]]


--[[
Possible future plans:
	Polls
Sticky posts, etc:

need to properly check the way that the posts are sorted, in order to properly 
make the stickies higher up the list.

|cff66119d Test|r

--]]

GMaster.LoadOrder.GMForum 
Modules\GMGuildFrame.lua
	 fix the reward showing when the forum shows.
	Move the guild control button to the roster frame.
	Bring the info frame back in and add some guild stats:
	average level
	number of 85's
	number of each class.
	
	Get the Invite Request working.
	
	BUG:
	rep bar doesnt show back up again after moving to forum
	
]]

--[[ 
Future plans:
More info on the info page, summary of stats collected by the addon.
--]]


GMaster.LoadOrder.GMGuildFrame 
Modules\GMLocator.lua
	Efficiency:
	Decrease the update interval for players in seperate zones,
	Increase the interval for players in the same zones, using the 
	whisper channel.
]]

GMaster.LoadOrder.GMLocator 
Modules\GMOTD.lua
	Sync duration with other players
	Add the duration slider to the edit box of the MOTD
]]


local module 
Modules\GMRanker.lua
	Add extra methods to rank people by.
	Broadcast the requirements so that the guild members can see what they need to do
	to achieve the next rank.
	Priority: High
	Need to send a message to anitrankspam to make it block all rank changes
	need to convert it to modular
]]



--[[
Other ideas:
General ranking tools:
Remove all members offline for more then X months 
																-(ignore specific rank)
																-account for alts.
Delete Rank: Auto move everyone from that rank either up or down																

when promoting someone manually, allow optional reason
delay the manual promote until the player is next online, this way they will notcie their new rank change.
snend some kind of congratulations.

This may be better suited to being integrated into the guild control UI


--]]

--[[
Need to merge the old test methods into the new ui

SendAddonMessage("GMRanker", "Start", "GUILD")
	tinsert(GMaster.Timers, {runonce 
Modules\GMRecruit.lua
	Get the settings for the module working again.
	broadcast needs to handle longer messages
	
]]



GMaster.LoadOrder.GMRecruit 
Modules\GMRoster.lua
	-Highlight the selected player in the roster
	-add a method of request player stats if they are online
	-better syncing of player stats.
	-MemberDetail:
		Gear
		Personal Note
	Scrollbars
	
	restructure the 'list' table to neaten it up.
	
	Integrate GMStats
	
	Possible future plans:
		Record reason for kicking.
		Auto mail new members
	
]]




local module 
Modules\GMSettings.lua
	Add method of removing alts if they changed guilds
	integrate the alts feature into all of the other modules that need it.
]]

--[[
1. About
2. Changes
3. To do.
4. Known Issues


Modules\GMStats.lua
	Get the graphs working properly.
	sort by name
	check that offline changes are working properly.
	remove players that no longer exist
	change date ranges are working.
	show the guild rep 

	Track some general guild info.
	average level, 
	etc.

	Ideally this module should be integrated into the guild roster:
		main problem is fitting the data into the roster.
]]

function GMaster.AL.GMStats()


--[[
Extra views:
donations: donated, looted, withdrawn, repair, total

--]]

















	local SortBy 
Modules\GMSync.lua
	Efficiency:
	Change the order of the if/elese statements to better suit how oftn ethey are called.
	
	New Method:
	10 minute blocks of data, sync every half an hour.
	
	log in, record login time, start recording.
	after 10 mins, split chunk.
	after half hour, transmit the start time, size of last chunk
	Wait 10 seconds, then decide which module is the "master"  
	Master transmits all known chunk times
		Slaves request missing chunks, transmit missing chunk labels.
		Wait 30 seconds, count requests for each chunk.
		If a chunk has multiple requests, broadcast it
		If a chunk has a single request, WHISPER it.
	
	hash value for tables:
		need to create some method of finding the total size of a table
		
	Problems:
		Players changing zones/reloading
		-may miss some data
		
	Merging continuous chunks:
		Find tables whose start and end times match
		merge the table data
		
	Merging non-comtinuous chunks:
		Non continuous chunks can be merged provided: 
		the start and end times of each chunk are recorded into the new chunk
		for example:
			- chunk 1 measures a to c
			- chunk 2 measures g to h
			chunk 1a is a merge of ac gh
			chunk 3 measures d to f
			chunk 1b is a merge of 1a and 3 consisting a through h
			
		Timescales:
			10 minute chunks
			merge after 30 mins and transmit
			merge after 1 hour
			merge 24 hour after 1 day
			merge 7 days after 1 week
			merge 4 weeks after a month
			
			Eventually merge data into the roster.
	
	Security:
	 With the limitations on obfuscation, can only be basic.
	 Masking the saved vars by conversion to ASCII?

Use GMRoster savedvar to store which members are online, and the last time they were seen, 
(any addonmessage received should be used as the last time they were seen.)
	 
]]


--[[


["PLAYER"] 
Modules\GMTutorial.lua
Everything
]]


--[[
For guild masters:
Welcome to guild master: it appears that you are in fact a guild master! Which is good because this
 addon is designed for you! This tutorial will run you through come of the functionality of the addon, 
 showing you each module and what it does. It's a bit of a read but its worth it, if you want to re read it
 any time, you can do so from the interface options.
 
 General:
 Guild master is designed to make every aspect of managing a guild easier for you. It does this by allowing
 you to automate laborious tasks such as ranking members based on their contributions, organising events,
 recruiting new members, etc.
 The addon is made up of a number of modules, which can be enabled or disabled depending on which you require them.
 
 
 The following is a breif summary of each module, and settings which will be reflected throughout the guild.
 
 GMAlts:
 This module records the alts of each player, and shares this information between guild members. 
 It is then used to group the player with their alts in the roster, to show a players total contribution 
 to the guild from all alts, and to rank the alts if you wish.
 
 Settings: Enable/disable
 
 
 GMEvent:
 This module allows you to quickly invite guild members to events based on certain requirements. It will not 
 invite anyone who is busy (in a party/battleground/instance/arena) and you can choose a minimum level, item
 level, or resilience. Any member who does not meet the requirement will not receive the invitation.
 Players that are invited choose which role they will fulfill, and players are no longer invited once each 
 role becomes full.
 Settings: Enable/disable
 
 GMForum:
 This module adds a forum to the guild frame which allows you to communicate with offline guild members.
 Each topic can be expanded/collapsed to show the replies. guild masters can delete any posts
 
 GMGuildFrame:
 This module is purely cosmetic; it rearranges the guild frame to make it more usable: the "Add Member" and "Guild Control buttons are on the first page, 
 for easier access. The perks and reputation rewards are both on the rewards page, and the MOTD, events, and news are on the main page.
 The 
 
 GMLocator:
 This module transmits location data from 


--]]
